hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie saw
2006. the movie that is being explained
is
saw part 3 watch the first part to get
an understanding of the main character
jigsaw
let's start the movie explanation the
movie starts exactly at the ending of
part eye where detective eric is bound
in the lavatory
his feet were chained tightly he
fractures his foot beating it with the
commode piece to free himself
afterward a man is shown who has been
entrapped by jigsaw
he was chained completely the tv
switches on placed in front of him where
jigsaw comes on the scene
jigsaw tells him he will have to pull
all the fixed chains on his body if he
wants to free
it was really painful if he does not
complete this task according to the
given duration of time then the placed
bomb near him will be exploded
he will surely die then he tries to
unchain his whole body which is pathetic
but he is unable to pull all chains
according to the assigned time
so he is dead with the explosion of the
bomb there then some police officers
enter the same room after breaking the
door
this case was being dealt with by a girl
who was the assistant of detective eric
that girl tells this is not the trap of
jigsaw because the door was sealed
through welding
it means the victim's death was sure
even he was able to unchain himself
then that lady police officer is shown
in her house who was investigating the
case of jigsaw watching jigsaw's footage
in her house
afterward the live video is played of
jigsaw on the screen of a tv
as she moves there for checking a person
wearing a pig mask kidnaps her while
coming there
waking up that girl finds herself
entrapped there was also placed a beaker
of acid in front of her her ribs are
also hooked in tv is on by enlarge where
jigsaw appears in the video
he tells the key to unlocking the trap
is in the beaker of acid
that key will be dissolved into the
beaker of acid if she did not get that
in the given time
and the trap will become the cause of
her death activating itself
that girl tries to unlock her trap after
getting the key from that beaker of acid
but regretfully that trap does not open
activating itself
that trap breaks her ribs and she is
dead tragically
here a thing is clear that all set traps
in the party are difficult to open by
the victims
it means his death is certain this trap
cannot be open even after following all
orders
then a lady dr lynn is shown in the
hospital who had some personal problems
in her life
a pig masked person again appears and
kidnaps her when she is going back to
her house
lynn wakes up at the location of jigsaw
then amanda comes on the scene
the hidden face after the pig mask was
not of another person but amanda
amanda takes lynn into that room where
jigsaw was lying on the bed
then amanda adjusts a trap on her neck
jigsaw tells her
he is suffering from cancer lynn has to
help him for the safety of his life
and lynn will be released from this trap
if another victim completes the three
tests
and she is also worn saying if she tries
to escape or jigsaw suffered bradycardia
heart rate the fixed trap on her neck
will be activated
leaving her dead then the other victim
who had to cross the three tests of
jigsaw is shown
he is in the box whose name was jeff
jeff had a son who was dead during a car
accident
as a result he had become a drunkard and
mostly remained in this condition
he used to ignore his younger daughter
not caring for her
he was taking revenge for his son's
death from his daughter
so this is the reason that jigsaw
entraps him jeff discovers a tape
recorder in his box
jigsaw tells him three tests will lead
him to his son's killer in which he will
have to appear
amanda informs jigsaw jeff's tests have
started
while lin tells amanda it is essential
to hospitalize jigsaw because of his
unstable condition
but amanda refuses it clearly minding it
jeff's test was in process
he meets with a girl in the first test
the reason behind it to entrap her was
this is this girl was only the witness
of that car accident jeff's son's death
but she did not help jeff and his son
that girl was kept in a meat freezer
she requests jeff to help her and he
also egresses but to no avail
because her whole body is frozen when
all taps are turned on in that room
she is dead because of the ice on her
whole body jeff's second test leads him
to that judge who had tackled his son's
case
sentencing six months prison to the
killer that judge had been thrown into a
pit after chaining his neck
if jeff wants to rescue that judge he
will have to burn all the toys of his
son so that he may get the key of neck
trap of the judge
contrarily if jeff restrains himself to
bring that judge out
that pig will be filled with the pig's
mince after grinding them in a big
grinding machine
and that judge will be dead the judge
convinces jeff to help him as a result
jeff burns all the toys of his son
finding a key he immediately rescues the
judge opening his trap
on the other side jigsaw's condition was
worsening and lynn operates on him under
her treatment
this operation is successful and jigsaw
starts liking lin during this time
but amanda dislikes it amanda remembers
those days when she was a co-worker with
jigsaw
then a scene of part i is shown where
amanda was beating a boy violently
one thing is clear here that it was
amanda who was making such traps that
were unbreakable
in the third test jeff reaches the
killer boy of his son
that boy's body had been clutched with a
heavy machine which will twist his limbs
gradually
putting him into death the key of that
trap was tied with a shotgun's trigger
that gun's trigger is pressed while
taking out the key and the judge is
killed accidentally
and it also activates the trap causing
the death of that boy
the jigsaw was pouring wax on the tape
recorder and also taking some personal
details from lynn
discovering an envelope of her name
amanda has got upset and starts weeping
while checking the papers inside
it amanda informs jigsaw coming to him
jeff has covered his three tests jigsaw
commands her to release lin because jeff
has completed his assignment
but amanda disagrees with jigsaw saying
she does not think right about
jigsaw's decision no one should be given
the chance of survival
she also tells she has again attacked
detective eric leaving him to die there
when he got free from the chains
amanda wished no one should be given any
chance to live
jeff finds a pistol with a paper of his
written name jeff moves slowly towards
jigsaw's room
taking a pistol meanwhile lynne falls in
jeff when amanda fires her gun on her
jigsaw reveals to amanda as jeff is the
husband of lynn
and amanda has perished four lives
firing her gun on lin
jeff fires his gun on amanda getting
furious and that shot hits amanda's neck
jigsaw tells amanda when she was taking
her last breaths as he had arranged all
these tests for amanda
because she was making some unavoidable
traps for a long time
it means those traps cannot be cracked
and she should not take the life of lynn
for the accomplishment of the test
it means she broke the regulation and
jigsaw never wanted to proceed with his
work through a killer
jigsaw offers jeff he can call an
ambulance for lin
he will have to clear one last test for
it the test
includes either he should forgive jigsaw
or slay him while cutting his throat
then jeff proceeds towards jigsaw taking
a power saw to cut his throat
jigsaw is smiling at that time jigsaw
plays a tape recorder as jeff cuts his
throat
hearing the tape recorder jeff comes to
know that he has flopped in his
last test it means he had to forgive
jigsaw to pass his test because jigsaw
has secured jeff's daughter in a secret
place
now she was going to be locked forever
the jigsaw was the only one who knew
that place as jigsaw dies
his heartbeat stops working and the
fixed trap on lin's neck is also
exploded
in the end lin's dead body is shown with
many other dead bodies
and this movie is also ended here it
should be clear here that who were those
four people about whom jigsaw had said
their lives have destroyed they were lin
amanda herself
jigsaw and jeff's daughter it means
amanda had destroyed the lives of four
people after killing lynn
thanks for watching like comment and
subscribe don't forget to hit the bell
icon